Group 7: Bryan PhamProject 3: LogosNetDue: 07/31/2022LogosNet Write UpDiscuss:	After running the test below and using ATHINA, I found a few errors that I was not able to figure out. I tried implementing different things but do not seem to get it to work. This was the best I could do while missing some protocol.Here are some things wrong with my code in project 3:- I am not able to pass the test 3 in ATHINA, due to connection failed.o I tried looking for the cause of this but, I am not able to find out the reason.o If I had more time, I would go to each line of code in the prog3_server.c just to make sure there are not any extra receive or send that I have missed- For some reason I am not able to connect in observer the first time around but after the first connect failed, and you try again it works for the rest of the time.o I tried looking in prog3_observer.c and I believe it is my sending call because it gives me a number that is not the length of the word. I tried to trace it back but everything I do to it end up breaking the process.o If I had more time, I would make sure my send and receive matches up in prog3_server.c and prog3_observer.c- I was not able to finish the part where you cannot have multiple of participant and observer with the same name.o If I had more time, I would check the list of all the name and send back a ‘N’ to the clients telling them that the name has been taken.- I was not able to finish the part where you keep the client alive when entering a username, and it keep on going until the 10 second timer went out.o If I had more time, I would send the message to the server to keep the client alive for 10 second when not having the correct requirement for a username.- I was not able to finish the disconnect for the observer when the participant has disconnectedo If I had more time, I would look for the observer in the link list and send a ‘N’ saying that observer to disconnect from the server.- I did not check for all errors for all of the receive and send calls.o If I had more time than I would fix this problem by using an if statement and if receive and send return a -1 and that mean that the send and receive had failed and we should either retry or give an error message on what the problem is.- If I had more time, I would make the code look nicer by using more functions so the main is not one big “function” with 300+ line of code. - Also, I would try to make the code look less complicated. As it is right now, I feel like there would have been a better way to code this.- I did not do any retry when it fails to send.o If I had more time, I would try to resend it.Testing:	How I tested my code:1. Check to see if I can connect to the server with a participant.2. Check to see if I can join with an observer when there is no participant.3. Check to see if the observer can only join with the username of a participant4. Check to see if I could have multi of clients (observer and participant)5. Check to see if I could only use lowercases, uppercases, numbers, and underscore “_” and 10 or less characters.6. Check to see if the observers can see public messages sent from the participant.7. Check to see if the certain observers can see private messages sent from the participant.8. Check to see if I could see if a participant or observer has joined or left.9. Check to see if the participant and observer can type in quit so it will disconnect from the server.10. Check to see if the participant can continuedly write a message.11. Check to see if the observer is getting the message in real time.Challenges:	For this assignment I believe that the most challenging aspect is that you will need to be able to match up the send and receive function. I feel like I was having a bit of a hard time on that. I spend a bit of time debugging my code just to find out it was a send and receive mix up, but I am still having trouble with it in my code. My code is not perfect, but it works to a certain extent. Another thing is trying to make the chat in real time, I was having a bit of a hard time trying to get that working. All part of this project had their own challenges and it made me think a lot about how I could go about it. I just start coding and try to fix as much things as I can see to make it work. But as a result, my code looks too complex, messy. There are a lot of repeated code and unnecessary code that I could have make it run more efficient and I also feel like I could have made it easier to read and understand. This has been the most challenge project in this quarter.